.TH KLAVARO 1 "2014-01-09" GNU "Klavaro - Manual"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.SH NAME
Klavaro \- Flexible touch typing tutor using GTK+3
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B klavaro
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B Klavaro
is a program that teachs you to touch type and/or helps
you to improve your skills with the keyboard.
.PP
There is some more information at:
.PP
http://klavaro.sourceforge.net
.SH OPTIONS
Besides the version option, only those related to GTK are available.
.br
\-h, \-\-help: see some help at command line.
.br
\-v, \-\-version: see the program version.
.SH COLORS
Some colors may be configured through the file "preferences.ini" 
There you should create a session named [colors] and set some colors
with the internet/html syntax (#RRGGBB). For example:
.PP
[colors]
.br
key_fg=#332200
.br
key_1=#112233
.br
key_9=#213243
.br
text_intro_fg=#222222
.br
char_untouched_bg=#fffaf8
.br
char_wrong_fg=#880000
.br
char_correct_fg=#009900
.br
char_retouched_fg=#bbbbaa
.br
cursor_blink_bg=#ff88ff
.PP
Here follows the complete list of keywords to set colors.
.PP
Background and foreground for the tutor introductory texts:
.br
text_intro_bg
.br
text_intro_fg
.PP
Background and foreground for the tutor texts before they be typed out:
.br
char_untouched_bg
.br
char_untouched_fg 
.PP
The same for the tutor texts after they be correcty typed out:
.br
char_correct_bg 
.br
char_correct_fg 
.PP
Same for tutor texts after they be wrongly typed:
.br
char_wrong_bg
.br
char_wrong_fg
.PP
Same for tutor texts after they be correcty retyped, correcting errors (only in fluidity module):
.br
char_retouched_bg
.br
char_retouched_fg 
.PP
Blinking color of the block cursor in the tutor tests:
.br
cursor_blink_bg
.br
cursor_blink_fg
.PP
Foreground of keys in the virtual keyboard:
.br
key_fg
.PP
Background of keys, according to the finger responsible for it, from left to right (key_5 is valid for both thumbs, it is the space key):
.br
key_1
.br
key_2
.br
key_3
.br
key_4
.br
key_5
.br
key_6
.br
key_7
.br
key_8
.br
key_9
.SH AUTHOR
Klavaro was written by Felipe E. F. de Castro.
.PP
e-mail: <fefcas@gmail.com>
.PP
